25
"Several reliable, well-informed sources confirmed the idea that Hitler's anti-Semitism was not so genuine or violent as it sounded, and that he was merely using anti-Semitic propaganda as a bait to catch masses of followers and keep them aroused, enthusiastic, and in line for the time when his organization is perfected and sufficiently powerful to be employed effectively for political purposes."
"You can't expect the masses to understand or appreciate your finer real aims. You must feed the masses with cruder morsels and ideas like anti-Semitism. It would be politically all wrong to tell them the truth about where you really are leading them."
"Apparently going suddenly crazy over the loss of her five kittens which had been drowned, a large gray cat early yesterday morning attacked the three-months-old baby of Mr. and Mrs. David Sauer, who live on the fourth, floor of a tenement at 555 Ninth Avenue, and inflicted injuries from which the child may die."
"Miss Josephine Arguello-Den, a member of one of the oldest Spanish families in Los Angeles and reputed to be one of the most beautiful young women of her nationality in the city, was threatened with death by a negro yesterday afternoon while alone In the home of her sister, Mrs. Percy L. Bonebrake, 1216 New Hampshire street."
"In the West tales of the doings of mice are becoming as numerous as the proverbial snake yarns. A farmer with a wooden leg with a hole in it at the knee, went down to a shed where there was a quantity of hay lying about infested with mice. After a while he returned to the house and amazed the family by taking off the wooden leg and shaking the hollow no fewer than 15 mice."
"Powdered human bone and chopped lizard skin were found in a dead man's stomach after he took a potion prescribed by a logcal magician, police said last night. The man died in hospital after sudden violent internal pains."
"This is the latest Hitler joke from London. The Fuehrer disguised himself and went around Berlin trying to find out what the common people thought about him. He got into a conversation with an old man and said: "Now, what do you really think about our leader?" The man glanced suspiciously around. "As a matter of fact, I rather admire him!" and, stepping back quickly, he guarded himself as if to avoid a punch on the nose!"
"A prisoner in Stuart Jail, about to end his sentence for willful damage, cut off his penis only hours before he was due for release yesterday."
"The family of Max Maisel, the missing Rochester Institute of Technology student who was last seen near the Charlotte Pier on Feb. 22, held a memorial service for the 21-year-old on Friday back home in Connecticut, and in his eulogy Maisel's father said "circumstantial evidence" indicates Max may have taken his own life."
"We live at a time when suicide is recognized as a result of mental illness, when the stigma has been removed. Even if it weren't, we have never been ashamed of Max, and we aren't going to start now," Ivan Maisel, a longtime senior writer and college football writer for ESPN, said in his eulogy, which he posted on his Twitter feed on Monday afternoon."
"The Ku Klux Klan and other hate groups began organizing rallies in American communities to attempt to gain visibility and recruit new members — much like those groups have tried to do since Trump’s rise."
"The proposed bill would make protesting a class C felony should it cause any sort of "economic disruption" or "jeopardize human life and property." Such a proposal would mean violators could face five years in prison, a $10,000 fine or both."
"The acquisition of wealth is no longer the driving force in our lives. We seek to better ourselves, and the rest of humanity."
"Though death befalls all men alike, it may be weightier than Mount Tai, or lighter than a feather."
"I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils, namely through the establishment of a socialist economy, accompanied by an educational system which would be oriented toward social goals."
"For the first time I, who had thought blindness a misfortune beyond human control, found that too much of it was traceable to wrong industrial conditions, often caused by the selfishness and greed of employers. And the social evil contributed its share. I found that poverty drove women to the life of shame that ended in blindness."
"I thought I was going to college to be educated," she resumed as she composed herself, and laughing more lightly, "I am an example of the education dealt out to present generations. It's a deadlock. Schools seem to love the dead past and live in it."
"We can't have education without revolution. We have tried peace education for 1,900 years and it has failed. Let us try revolution and see what it will do now.
"I am not for peace at all hazards. I regret this war, but I have never regretted the blood of the thousands spilled during the French Revolution. And the workers are learning how to stand alone. They are learning a lesson they will apply to their own good out in the trenches. Generals testify to the splendid initiative the workers in the trenches take. if they can do that for their masters you can be sure they will do that for themselves when they have taken matters into their own hands."
"A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery; it cannot be so refined, so leisurely and gentle, so temperate, kind, courteous, restrained and magnanimous. A revolution is an insurrection, an act of violence by which one class overthrows another."
“Mankind is divided into rich and poor, into property owners and exploited; and to abstract oneself from this fundamental division; and from the antagonism between poor and rich means abstracting oneself from fundamental facts.”
"Moreover, the European Union is not democratic in the slightest. There is no input in the European Union by the working people outside of their elected leaders, which as we know are elected through democratic farce to begin with."
"Lies have long legs: they are ahead of their time. The conversion of all questions of truth into questions of power, a process that truth itself cannot escape if it is not to be annihilated by power, not only suppresses truth as in earlier despotic orders, but has attacked the very heart of the distinction between true and false, which the hirelings of logic were in any case diligently working to abolish. So Hitler, of whom no one can say whether he died or escaped, survives. "
"How to explain to the average voter the supposed moral urgency of giving college students the right to choose the designated gender pronouns to be used when addressing them? How not to laugh along with those voters at the story of a University of Michigan prankster who wrote in ‘His Majesty’?”"
"Many of the contradictions in Postmodern art come from the fact that we're trying to be artists in a democratic society. This is because in a democracy, the ideal is compromise. In art, it isn't."