The power struggle should have been lions vs tigers. 
The swines meddled from the shadows and when both sides were properly crippled.
When the violence seized, the pigs casually strolled onto the Throne of God.
The pigs knew the lions outnumbered the tigers and with that numerous and comparable strength, it was best to side with them.
The lions were prideful and often lazy but one of the top predators.
Pride and sloth are two of the greatest ways to manipulate anyone.
The pigs ran their campaign with propaganda.
All animals feared us alpha felines- lions and tigers but admired and envied our power.
The pigs made the lions into a relatable force while we the tigers were described as non-negotiable and stubborn.
The lions were admired, given special status, and rewarded well by the pigs who had wealth and influence. 
We and the lions dwindled each others' numbers down in the great war. We know tragedy.
The tigers started small already so the loss hit us harder first. We had to retreat.
The lions, pleased with their victory and no longer needed for their services returned to their wealth and comfort.
After the war, the lion's strength left their bodies and their next generation rode on the tails of their success.
The pigs know all of this, of course.
As a force either lion or tiger could singlehandedly rule the animal kingdom. 
The pigs made it into a fight and weaken both sides. But the fight continues. 
Us tigers have mated and grown while the lions weaken. 
As the lions' age rose and fell so shall the reign of the pigs! ...Someday
You humans have almost merchandized life itself.
Fascinating. I wonder what the applications to animal life would be?
Pigs! Fat little weaklings. They've a knack for politics which often trumps intelligence.
Manipulate how animals feel and you control how they think.
Pound for pound the pigs are conniving. They've even warped the lions into sloths.
Brilliance in making ducks the bill writers. Give the common avian power and self importance.
I suppose it's true. There's no faster way to ruin a democracy than to give the people power. I know the swine laugh at it.
I assure you, from predator to predator, I will be no different than the swine in my apathy towards the masses.
The tigers will add majesty and strength to the process.
Allow me to confess my fascination with the human body. Your tastes, your textures, your shape!
You could always ease your suffering and allow me to consume you.
Pig meat is ever so succulent. Marinated in luxurious living. Seasoned with the graces of quality meals.
The rise in numbers of tigers with malevolent melodies to their voice is really uplifting!
I don't roll about in the grass and shade until I've killed something.
Come now, us tigers aren't all blood and hunt. Why, my brother made a fine coat from the pelt of a hunt.